Basecamp presenter companion · v4Rehearse togetherCLI stepsBefore startOpeningGuard stepsAEX stepsAudienceRecovery
October 7 · 12:30–13:30 SGT · 60 minutes

Basecamp presenter companion.

V4 · Prepared October 6 · Presentation → live walkthrough → audience build

CLI fallback at the AEX wizard. Create a wallet, inspect policy, send testnet SUI, verify and logout. Guard is the no-install alternative. The Studio coordinator owns AEX rehearsal and acceptance. AEX admission cap: 30.
CLI quickstartCLI fallback deckConditional AEX deckPublished deckGuardHuntSuiscanRecipesPlain text
Rehearse together on a phone hotspot

Report each result before marking it complete. Earlier lab evidence is not today’s hotspot rehearsal.

1 · Fresh laptop journey

Connect the laptop to a phone hotspot; open an inbox and new terminal. Run CLI steps 1 to 7 with a fresh email and isolated session: version → signup/approval → identity/policy → faucet → transfer → receipt → logout. Time the whole journey. About ten minutes is a target. Report elapsed time, any failed step and the public digest. Never share a password or session file.

2 · Presenter mainnet transfer

Pending. Identify a separate funded presenter wallet and intended receiving demo wallet first. Confirm mainnet, recipient and 0.001 SUI plus gas before sending once. Save digest and receipt screenshot for offline evidence. Do not use the coordinator’s AEX sessions. If funding or login is not ready, the testnet route remains available.

3 · Physical phone check

Open Guard on your phone, collect samples, Stop, change Range 200 to 400, Reset and Start. Open the correct-network receipt checker. Confirm readable controls. Desktop emulation does not complete this check.

4 · Deck and AV backup

Click all nine architecture drilldowns; Esc returns. Scan CLI QR on slides 15 and 20 with the phone camera and confirm cli.html opens. Keep notes off the audience display. Open the updated PPTX offline.

5 · Organizer confirmation

Confirm own-laptop presentation, live demo, HDMI or USB-C connection and wifi. Venue submission is not AV confirmation. Venue still has v1 unless the organizer confirms otherwise.

Before the room opens
Open slide ↗
Choose the lane during rehearsal, not at the podium.

Screen setup

Open the local v4 deck, Guard, Hunt and Suiscan in separate tabs. Keep this companion on a second screen or phone. Increase browser zoom until labels are readable from the back. Use Do Not Disturb. N toggles deck notes in the SAME window; keep notes closed on the audience display.

No-install alternative: Guard

Guard is the working browser-first route. Its public-page run, 200→400 edit and real receipt check passed again on October 6. Recheck it on the venue network today: Start, three samples, Stop, edit 200 to 400, Reset, Start, then open a real pool transaction. No wallet or installation is needed. This is a live read with a simulated liquidity range; it does not deposit funds.

AEX: conditional lane

Use AEX only after one fresh participant has completed sign-in, invite admission, sponsored checkout/actual credit allocation, agent start, useful output, cost inspection and verified stop/release in the actual workshop environment. The new /workshop flow is source preparation and is not yet installed. Do not send the audience or its QR there yet. Have the exact rehearsed URL ready; do not substitute another environment.

Admission

AEX admission is capped at 30 people, one sponsored agent per participant. Attendance can be larger. Additional people use browser Guard and join the waitlist once its destination is active. An admitted seat does not prove a running agent or available compute. Start attendees in the launch batches demonstrated by rehearsal; do not ask all 30 to deploy at once.

45-second recovery

If a live step cannot proceed after 45 seconds, name the problem and switch to the next working screen. Preserve pending checkout/payment state. Never repeat an ambiguous payment or remove an agent merely to make its card disappear. A recording or saved log is labeled previous evidence.

Keep the fixed Sui moment

Participants use testnet transfers. The fixed Sui moment is sending a transaction and checking the receipt. The earlier lab test passed; today’s fresh-user/hotspot check remains pending. Presenter mainnet requires its own funded rehearsal. If a fresh send fails, use the prior testnet receipt or a real third-party pool receipt with explicit attribution.

00:00–06:00 · Set up the problem
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 1–6. Finish the architecture map by 06:00.

Talk track

“Muse, Instinct and Dots show the personal-agent experience people want. OpenClaw and Hermes make running and extending an agent something builders can do. But the runtime is only part of the job: where does it run, who pays, what can it access, and who can stop it?”

Bridge to AEX

“AEX brings those questions into one workflow: find resources, agree terms, fund an escrow, identify the agent and inspect its work. Identity and reputation need evidence. Sovereignty means retaining control and a meaningful choice of provider. The security plane governs actions outside the prompt.”

Set the promise

“We will change a recipe, inspect a real result and check evidence on Sui. The slides are signposts; most of this session happens in the browser.” Describe architecture as direction where it is not demonstrated. Do not claim every product named is integrated with AEX or that all compute settlement occurs on Sui.

06:00–11:00 · Show the layers
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 7–9, then briefly the selected browser.

Explain

Model: interprets the task. Runtime: executes tools and retains context. Services: compute, data and a wallet if the task needs one. Guard is a deterministic monitor, not a language model choosing trades.

Show

Browser lane: open Guard and point to the pool, range controls and log without starting a second run. AEX lane: point to the already-rehearsed agent and its result. Return to slides for discover → agree → escrow → run → settle and identity/reputation.

Budget explanation

Separate deployment/compute allowance, agent working capital and transaction gas. A SUI balance is not automatically an AEX credit balance. Show actual amounts only when the running environment returns them. Do not promise a free allowance that has not been activated.

11:00–16:00 · Authority and evidence
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 10–12, then the relevant controls.

Talk track

“A prompt describes a job. Access to a service and permission to move money are separate decisions. We will ask what was allowed, inspect what happened, then stop the process.”

Browser proof

Point to Guard’s “Simulated position · no liquidity deposited” and “On-chain activity on this pool · live from Sui mainnet.” The range is our simulation; listed transactions belong to other people and bots.

AEX proof

Show only the recipe permissions actually present in the rehearsed flow. For Airdrop Scout, research/report output is the job; a report is not a signed transaction. Do not use an unproven daily-limit, auto-top-up or transaction-approval selector as evidence of enforcement.

16:00–20:00 · Show a finished result
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 13–14 → browser. Pick ONE tour.

Browser tour

Open Guard. Point to Pool tick, Samples, the solid simulated band and the dashed real-position outline if one has loaded. Scroll to live pool activity. A dashed outline is a position opened by someone else, not our deposited capital. Avoid quoting a fixed tick or price; live values change.

AEX tour, if ready

Open the rehearsed Dashboard and selected Scout. Show its actual useful brief and its save/activity status. Identify the owner and recipe. Do not call a draft card or generic chat response a deployed tenant. The exact installed route to its run-cost receipt and release control must already have been written down in rehearsal.

Vote in the room

Ask for a show of hands: “After the guided build: Guard, a testnet transfer, or Hunt research?” The Sui transaction inspection stays fixed whichever wins. Offer only routes that passed rehearsal. No StrawPoll dependency; replace with a polling QR only after a clean host account and destination are ready.

20:00–34:00 · CLI fallback at the wizard

Open slide 15 (#s14) for the CLI QR. This is the fallback when the AEX wizard is unavailable. Keep the 60-minute agenda.

20:00–23:00 · Slide 15 → quickstart → terminal

Open cli.html. Follow steps 1 to 3 with Node 24 and pinned CLI 2.2.1. Use a new terminal and fresh isolated session folder. Check version, sign up with a new email, approve the email privately, then run whoami and policy get. Keep passwords, inbox and existing history off the projector. Read the actual policy. If signup is pending at 23:00, continue during the build. Full setup targets about ten minutes; three minutes is not promised.

alias waap="npx -y @human.tech/waap-cli@2.2.1"
export WAAP_CLI_SESSION_DIR="$(mktemp -d /tmp/basecamp-rehearsal.XXXXXX)"
waap --version

Keep this terminal tab open; it holds the isolated session path. This creates an agent wallet, not an AEX deployment. Do not use any shared AEX buyer/seller session.

23:00–24:00 · Slide 16 → vote

Take hands for Guard, Trade or Hunt as the open-build extension. Trade means testnet transfers, not a swap. The fixed Sui transaction moment stays. Use Guard if unclear or most participants have no working CLI.

24:00–27:00 · Slide 17 → browser faucet → terminal

Quickstart step 4: open faucet.sui.io, choose Testnet, paste your own Sui address and complete the browser challenge. Run waap wallet-balance --chain sui:testnet. Wait for a positive balance. If throttled, pair with a funded participant or use Guard. While waiting, open Guard on a phone: Start → three samples → Stop → Range 200 to 400 → Reset → Start. Threshold 5 still needs pool movement; it cannot force a rebalance.

27:00–31:00 · Slide 18 → send → checker → Suiscan

Quickstart steps 5 and 6. Confirm a neighbor’s intended Sui address. Replace the example recipient; do not execute the angle-bracket placeholder literally. Send 0.001 SUI once using --chain sui:testnet --wait --json. Paste txHash into the quickstart checker, which selects testnet. Compare status, network, recipient, balance changes and gas with Suiscan. Check an existing digest before retrying an ambiguous send. Presenter mainnet uses a separate demo wallet and sui:mainnet only after its own funded rehearsal passes. Its checker omits net=testnet. Never use coordinator-owned AEX wallets.

31:00–34:00 · Slide 19 → verify → logout

Save the digest. Run waap logout in the isolated workshop session; confirm remote revocation. Participants continuing Trade can log in privately again. Logout does not release hosted compute. Guard: Stop sampling when finished; the separate activity feed can continue. If AEX was used, its actual cost and stop/release still require the coordinator-approved path.

Verified receipt fallback

Earlier testnet lab transfer. Label this as the previous lab run, not a fresh send today. The mainnet pool receipt is a third-party transaction. Neither proves a new mainnet presenter transfer.

No-install recovery: Guard
Open slide ↗
Use this browser sequence if CLI setup cannot proceed. Slides 15 to 19 now show the CLI path; explain the switch and keep Guard visible.

20:00–23:00 · Run the baseline

Open https://holonym-foundation.github.io/basecamp-builder-lab/ . Range (± ticks)=200; Rebalance threshold (ticks)=100; leave Check every at its rehearsed default. Click Start. Wait for three Samples. Point to Pool tick and SIMULATED RANGE in the Agent log. Say: “These are live reads. This range is simulated. No liquidity was deposited.”

23:00–24:00 · Vote

Use slide 16 and show of hands, Guard, Trade (testnet) or Hunt. Decide in 45 seconds. The vote chooses the later audience extension; everyone follows the same range edit and Sui evidence step now. If the vote is unclear, use Guard.

24:00–27:00 · Make the change

Click Stop first: the range input is disabled while monitoring. Change Range (± ticks) from 200 to 400. Click Reset, then Start. Compare the new lower/upper tick bounds with the baseline. Bounds snap to the pool tick spacing, so do not promise an exact 2× width. Ask one attendee to explain which setting changed.

27:00–31:00 · Fixed Sui transaction

Scroll to “On-chain activity on this pool · live from Sui mainnet.” Choose a substantive row such as Add liquidity, Remove liquidity or Swap when available. Click that row’s Suiscan link. Copy the real transaction digest from the transaction page or its /tx/ URL. Return to Guard; paste it into “Transaction digest” under “Check a transaction”; click Check. Inspect Status, Time, Checkpoint, Sender, Gas and Balance change. Click “Open on Suiscan” to compare the same digest. This is someone else’s transaction; Guard observed it and did not send it.

Receipt fallback

October 6 rehearsal receipt: Open the October 6 rehearsal receipt . Digest: Fvdxzog5tBYp3D4gg85PJxd6j4embkbcKyMKowhYnFV8; checkpoint 330723636. This is a real third-party liquidity transaction, not ours. Label its capture date if using it instead of the latest activity. If no receipt can be displayed, show the pool object read and explicitly say no transaction was demonstrated.

31:00–34:00 · Verify and stop

Ask one attendee what the receipt proves. Distinguish the real pool transaction from our simulated position. Click Stop in Guard and verify that Samples no longer increases. The separate activity feed still polls; Stop does not stop every background read. Say: “The output is a claim; the receipt lets us check it.” No compute bill or wallet payment was created by this browser monitor.

Conditional AEX route

The Studio coordinator owns AEX rehearsal, credentials and acceptance.

16:00–20:00 · Prepared AEX tour

Use the coordinator-confirmed environment to show one useful agent result, its actual cost and stop/release controls. A draft card or generic answer does not prove a running agent.

20:00 · Wizard or CLI fallback

If the coordinator supplies a rehearsed wizard path that fits the guided block, follow its exact steps. Keep the fixed Sui moment, actual cost and verified stop/release. After 45 seconds of a blocked step, preserve its state and switch to the CLI QR on slide 15. Do not log into, reset or alter the coordinator’s buyer/seller sessions. CLI logout is not an AEX stop action.

Admission

AEX remains capped at 30 admitted users. Everyone else can use CLI or Guard and the waitlist when active. Admission is separate from concurrent runtime capacity.

34:00–51:00 · Let the room build
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 20–22, then leave the relevant tool visible.

34:00–36:00 · Split once

Everyone can use Guard in a browser. If the AEX lane is installed and accepted, admit at most 30 and launch in the rehearsed batches. Other participants stay on Guard or work in pairs; offer the waitlist when active. Phones work for the browser lab; a laptop is easier for comparing tabs. Do not provision new cloud workspaces or install dependencies in this block.

36:00–46:00 · Guard exercise

Click Stop. Try Range=300 or 400, or Rebalance threshold=5. Click Reset, then Start. Watch for “would rebalance” only if the pool moves enough; lowering the threshold does not force market movement. Click Copy log and save it in a local note. Success: one changed setting, a real sampled tick/checkpoint, and an explanation of the simulation.

36:00–46:00 · Hunt exercise

Open https://holonym-foundation.github.io/basecamp-builder-lab/hunt.html . Click Copy prompt. Paste into the already-working chat agent with browsing. Ask for three official resources, then open the links and verify titles/content. If browsing fails, read the supplied official-source cards and label the answer as based on those sources. Hunt needs no wallet or chain transaction. Do not promise that every chat agent can browse.

36:00–46:00 · Trade exercise

Use quickstart steps 4 to 7 on testnet: fund, confirm a neighbor address, send once, verify, save the digest and logout. Log in privately again if you ended the guided session. sign-tx is optional depth only after separate rehearsal; a signature alone is not a broadcast. Phone-only participants use Guard.

AEX participants

Use the accepted Scout path only. Change the research question, request one result, inspect the run cost, then stop. A wallet grant, compute credits and an agent’s operating capital are separate; do not swap or fund from the podium to repair an untested path.

46:00–51:00 · Save and choose two shares

Guard: click Stop, then Copy log; note the changed range and transaction link. Hunt: save prompt, result and checked sources. AEX: save the useful result and cost evidence; verify stop/release rather than deleting a card. Ask two volunteers for a 45-second explanation: change, result, evidence. No keys, passwords or private invitation codes in shared artifacts.

51:00–57:00 · Share evidence
Open slide ↗
SHOW slides 23–24, with two short participant browser shares.

Ask

“What did you change? What result did you get? What evidence would let someone else check it?” A failed attempt can show its error and next diagnostic step without being called a successful deployment.

Resource handoff

Share the public Guard and Hunt pages and the WaaP recipe library. State the actual hosted-access expiry only if active and known. No indefinite-hosting promise. An AEX draft is not a published marketplace listing; demonstrate publishing only if that exact route passed rehearsal.

57:00–60:00 · Close and stop
Open slide ↗
SHOW slide 25. No new deployment. CLI participants save the digest and run waap logout in their isolated session.

Talk track

“Agents need resources, authority and evidence. You changed a recipe, inspected a result and checked a real Sui record. Keep the question small enough that you can explain what the agent did.”

Finish

Take one or two questions. Stop Guard and any presenter monitoring process. Verify the demonstrated AEX agent is stopped and its release outcome is recorded if that lane was used. Save the actual receipt. End on time.

Recovery card
Open slide ↗
Spend no more than 45 seconds recovering a live step.

AEX access or checkout fails

Keep the existing request/receipt. Move to browser Guard; do not pay again or share a company login. A code is admission, not proof that the backend is ready.

Guard or explorer network fails

Use the saved Guard baseline/edited logs from rehearsal, clearly labeled previous live reads. If an actual captured receipt exists, show that with its date. Otherwise use Hunt’s source cards and a recipe-writing exercise. Do not fabricate a digest or call offline output live.

Hunt model or browsing fails

Read the official-source cards already open in the Hunt page. Ask attendees to write the task, inputs, permissions and a verifiable result. A non-chain backup stays useful without pretending inference worked.

A transfer times out

Preserve the operation/digest. Check its existing outcome; never resend as a blind retry. Continue the pool-transaction evidence path.

Prior testnet proof does not complete today’s hotspot checklist. AEX rehearsal state belongs to the Studio coordinator. No venue resubmission from this update.
